Axis.md, before:

# Axis objects

Axis objects describe the values of a single domain axis.

## Axis properties

### .dataType

A URI describing the structure of the axis values, e.g. http://coveragejson.org/def#Tuple or http://ld.geojson.org/vocab#Polygon. If undefined, then the axis values are assumed to be primitive (numbers or strings).

### .dimensions

An array of dimension identifier strings where the dimension order is defined by the data type. Each axis value can be referenced within the given dimensions using reference systems (see [Domain](Domain.md)).

### .values

An [array](https://developer.mozilla.org/de/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array) or [typed array](https://developer.mozilla.org/de/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray) of axis values. The size of the axis is equal to `.values.length`.

### .bounds

If defined, an array of axis value bounds of length `.values.length`. Each bound is a two-element array with lower and upper bound with the same data type as the axis values themselves.

Commit message:

add constraint for single dimension axes (equal identifiers)

Axis.md, after:

# Axis objects

Axis objects describe the values of a single domain axis.

## Axis properties

### .dataType

A URI describing the structure of the axis values, e.g. http://coveragejson.org/def#Tuple or http://ld.geojson.org/vocab#Polygon. If undefined, then the axis values are assumed to be primitive (numbers or strings).

### .dimensions

An array of dimension identifier strings where the dimension order is defined by the data type. Each axis value can be referenced within the given dimensions using reference systems (see [Domain](Domain.md)). If the axis has only a single dimension, then the dimension identifier is guaranteed to be equal to the axis identifier.

### .values

An [array](https://developer.mozilla.org/de/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array) or [typed array](https://developer.mozilla.org/de/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray) of axis values. The size of the axis is equal to `.values.length`.

### .bounds

If defined, an array of axis value bounds of length `.values.length`. Each bound is a two-element array with lower and upper bound with the same data type as the axis values themselves.
